# Contributing to hubi

Thank you for being here 🎉!

## Code of Conduct

This project and everyone participating in it is governed by its [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). By participating, you are expected to uphold this code. Please report unacceptable behavior to marvinc.silva@gmail.com.

## Contributions

Even non-code contributions, may require you to open an issue. Use [this template](.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md) to help us even more.

### You don't need to code to help us

You can do all below in any order you want, as much as you like

* Give us some feedback about non-clear documentation
* Give us some feedback about ~ridiculous~ overcomplicated contributing rules
* Tell us about typos on docs, ubiquitous language and/or code
* Tell us about inaccurate use of our own ubiquitous language - we are currently evolving it so it may change a bit
* Star :star: `hubi` on github
* Provide us assets (images, gifs, wireframes, etc) to enhance something you think should be enhanced e.g. [HTML generated by the site translator](https://github.com/mvcds/hubi/issues/35)
* Tell your friends about us if you've liked the project
* Tell your enemies about us if you've hated it - because they deserve some suffering!
* Show us to people who are either friends nor enemies
* Issue bugs and/or miss behaviors
* Issue ideas and/or [feature requests](https://github.com/mvcds/hubi/labels/feature%20request)
* Tell us showcases
* Help us with logos and translations

### But of course you want to help us with some coding

Open up a pull request after one of the issues on our [dynamic roadmap](https://github.com/mvcds/hubi/projects/1?card_filter_query=label%3Aavailable+no%3Aassignee).

You are not required, but it would be nice to be familiar with [`hubi`'s ubiquitous language](https://mvcds.github.io/hubi#all) in order to write some quality code.

#### I want to do something that is not on the roadmap

You can! We are open-source, eh?

Check for feature requests as someone may be already working on something similar to it, and you may help each other. In case you don't find anything like your idea/feature, issue one.

### PR process

1. You'll need to fork `hubi`
1. Branch of from the last major version, naming your branch after the issue
1. Make your changes
1. Issue a pull requst compliant with its [template](.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md)
1. Wait for merging

## Known issues

* You may have to manually create a `.nyc_output` folder at root level so your coverage can be run.

## Contributions not mentioned here

Contact us at marvinc.silva@gmail.com, and communicate what you're plannning.
